Forms 13.7.0-rc and 16.2.0-rc release notes (#7530)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-forms/developer/ajaxforms.md

    }
}
```

## Dynamic form injection

> For scenarios where you want to dynamically inject a form into a page, for example in a modal dialog, there is a dedicated JavaScript event and API method available to reinitialize Umbraco Forms on the newly added content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For dynamic form injection on a page, such as in a modal dialog, there's a specific JavaScript event and API method. This allows reinitializing Umbraco Forms for the new content.
```
